it's 13 GMT that is 4 P.M in Gaza
there's been no letup in Israel's
bombing campaign the Gaza Health
Ministry says at least 700 Palestinians
have been killed in the past 24 hours
and the humanitarian crisis is growing
in central Gaza Israeli air strikes have
targeted a market in the nerat refugee
camp dozens of people have reportedly
been killed and injured it was the only
Market left for people to buy supplies
in the north power has been restored to
the Indonesian Hospital which went dark
after running out of fuel but the
ministry has warned that a total
collapse of the health system is
imminent and more Palestinians have been
killed in overnight air strikes on the
jabalia and ashati refugee camps
authorities say many of the casualties
there are women and children since the
War Began on October the 7th nearly
5,800 Palestinians have been killed in
Gaza according to the health Ministry it
says Israeli forces in the occupied West
Bank have killed 96 Palestinians there
in the past two weeks and in Israel the
government says more than 1,400 Israelis
were killed in hamas's military
operation AET B begins our
coverage the moment an Israeli strike
hits near alifa Hospital in Gaza City
staff rushed to help the injured
carrying them on stretches to the
already overcrowded
Hospital there's been no letup in
Israel's
bombardment and no end to the screams
and cries that follow some are people
calling for help others are
grieving the realization that in an
instant loved ones have been
killed then there's a frantic attempt to
leave before another strike but there's
nowhere to
go first we took shelter in the mosque
we received a warning from the Israelis
that it will be shelled then we gathered
in one of our extended fam's home we
received another warning with
instructions to head south as we headed
to the South the bombardment continued
so we decided to go back and if we die
we die at
home hospitals are running out of
medication and fuel to operate the
generators putting babies in incubators
and ICU patients at
risk and they are at full
capacity two to a bed patients in
corridors some even treated on the
floor Palestinians are desperate for Aid
nowhere near enough has been allowed in
the destruction is immense and
Palestinian families who have been
displaced time and time again now find
themselves once more without homes Assad
bag Al
jazer let's get the very latest now from
the Gaza Strip hany Abu Isa is standing
by for us in KH yunas first though we'll
go to yumna as in Gaza City outside
alifa Hospital uh yumna a spokesperson
for gaza's health Ministry told one of
our teams that hospitals have now run
out of everything and can no longer
treat the injured you're at alifa which
is the largest hospital in the Gaza
Strip what are you
seeing well what I can see here syel is
that the shipa hospital is going into a
really an overwhelming situation where
the entire Hospital from the inside uh
we're talking about receptions we're
talking about corridors and we're
talking about uh definitely all the
Departments and rooms of the hospital
they're completely packed with patient
what the hosp with patients what the
hospital has done in these few several
hours is that they have uh uh tried to
clean up this area here which is in the
front yard of the hospital and as you
can see every now and then we are
receiving the hospital is receiving uh
injuries and casualties but the hospital
here has told us clearly that it has
completely run out of everything
including fuel medications medical
supplies and all they have is a hospital
fully packed with injuries and a teams
and medical teams that are completely
worn out and overwhelmed by the amount
of injuries that are coming every now
and then the hospital is running some of
the Departments that are still operating
on solar energy panels it's also
using uh some of the private fuel that
it was able to bring from other private
uh sectors here and uh and uh uh
Distributors these were the last sources
of fuel for the hospitals in the Gaza
Strip leading to a lifethreatening
situation for over
130 premature children in their
incubators and over 120 patients in the
ICU units who are now threatened to lose
their lives once these two sections are
completely out of power yumna were you
able to find out whether alifa any ever
received any of the Medical Aid that was
brought in over the last two three
days well the there were a lot of news
about this issue really uh the Red Cross
was saying that yes they're going to be
Distributing the uh uh medications on
all uh hospitals but then and also the
they said that the the hospitals will be
getting the Medical Aid through the
Ministry of Health but what a shifa
hospital itself has confirmed for us is
that until now they have not received
any of the medications uh from the aid
that has entered the Gaza Strip a shifa
hospital was running and operating by
the supplies that it already had and
were in its stores and now they have
completely run out of any supplies
stored and waiting for any Aid they can
get thank you very much that's yumna
reporting from Al shifa Hospital the
largest in the Gaza Strip that's in Gaza
City in the north of the strip I want to
go now to the south of the strip Han Abu
isba was standing by you're in kanun
again in the south are you able to make
out where Israeli bombardments are
happening in the strip at the
moment yes well the Israeli a strikes
continue to pound the southern part of
the Gaza Strip really intense 24 hours
have been the bloodiest since the
beginning of the Israeli military uh
attacks on the Gaza Strip the worst of
these attacks happened during the midday
in the central part of Gaza Strip but
Camp uh the
the close
toat market near to a relatively large
shopping mall a residential home was
targeted and completely destroyed uh and
in addition to the causing so much
damage to the shopping mall next to it
leaving uh at least 20 people uh killed
and tens of other people in seriously
injured now this is the only Market left
in the central area for people uh to uh
to buy their their their food uh I mean
without the market it will be very
difficult for people in that area to
find Food Supplies it's important to uh
mention that theat camp is is a very
busy area and after people were ordered
to evacuate the northern part and Gaza
Strip it even become more busy with
large number of people Evac evacuated uh
to it earlier this morning in the city
of RA particularly two densely populated
neighborhoods Al Jan neighborhoods and T
sulan A group of residential homes were
targeted and destroyed completely
without warning and people were inside
uh so far we're talking about uh close
to 55 people have been killed but with
more people under the rubbles the number
is expected uh to to to rise up uh as we
speak there are still air strikes going
on covering the entire Gaza Strip from
the northern part of Gaza namely the
city of bhuna borderline City all the
way to the South uh to Rafa City and
honey is there any Aid left from the few
trucks that did make it into Gaza over
the past 3 days it was 54 trucks total
any Aid left from
that well we we so far we know the the
the trucks the humanitarian a trucks
have been allowed into the Gaza Strip
but there is a dispute over uh the
mechanism and the process uh it's going
to uh be taken in order to deliver those
Aid uh with the statement coming from
the Ministry of Health that the entire
Health System uh collapsed in in all of
the hospitals across the Gaza Strip is a
proof that none of the aid it makes it
to these Hospital particularly two large
health facility aifa hospital complex in
in Gaza City and the one I'm reporting
from Naser Hospital uh we're waiting for
a statement from the hospit ner Hospital
Administration about the serious lack of
medical supplies and materials needed
for immediate medical intervention to
save lives we did walk in the corridors
of the hospital and uh it just the
scenes are heartbreaking horrific and
you just make you you can easily jump to
a conclusion that the system is already
collapsing there evacuates inside the
corridors of the hospital taking it as a
shelter in addition to fully packed
rooms with
patients yeah absolutely and we got
details on that uh from yumna who was
reporting from Al shifa Hospital in Gaza
City just moments ago Han abua thank you
very much for the very latest there from
hunis